hello youtubers welcome back in 75 here
aka me - Ichi I would like to thank my
new subscribers all subscribers and
viewers for subscribing for raving for
favoring 40 pounds for the support I've
never cheated I'm gonna get I'm a little
bit analog in this it's about that time
I need my hands trim and everything
swash and with this cool little up more
details to come like up you know hide
the division on the hair anyway before
ya ask me what she's gonna use for your
hair what type of shampoo do you use I'm
gonna let you know I had a time so she's
gonna use this shampoo the shampoo this
is dumb she's matter many funds nobody
was talking about it and this one
originally was the cool of the tooth
breath okay y'all know that I'm about
the poop run in my own
my 75 shop the practitioner that she's
gonna use this one the silicon me and I
brought this one what she has a bunch of
them here so you can you know you can
either gonna use what they have or you
can bring it okay
and the leaving I don't know yet but I'm
gonna let you know every single detail
if you want to see this please
okay people so now I'm in conditioning
my hair for 15 minutes once again with
the silicon mixed bamboo okay you can
find it I'm not going to say at any
beauty supply but other stuff some
beautiful supplies we carry this really
convinced my whole article mix intensive
treatment which is the white one okay
also I think you can find out
anyway so I'm auditioning for 15 minutes
and then they'll rinse it out with a
little triangle me and we're gonna go
she's got those in your orders from me
you know that
absolutely the two big thing that you're
gonna do you mean into an arm is another
example it's just every year after the
first five your turn yeah but there's
nothing to top it going into us just to
ten years if you're at this particular
fire
okay people so roads aren't done on
prior approximately for one hour and
there's so many 45 who knows how let you
know at the end oh yeah stay tuned
Oh get the booster I got out of the
dryer dryer approximately 1 hour and 30
minutes I will say and before she put
the rollers
chickaleta there's a better leave-in
conditioner okay now she's using not
okay this is the rebound right here okay
okay for the roof which is also the I
don't know how to listen to leave in the
register right here
okay okay she's looking for
beautiful polymer flat I know
this is the jibbery tourmalines capping
that this this runs above in the Sun
anyway
I
so cut
this young lady great lapis is important
kasi okay people so she's gonna trim my
ends okay ladies I'll see to cut off
seven male fieid oh my son one of the
leading get up she came see this is your
hair so long
okay people stay tuned
Nancy good okay people so but at the
latter this is the hair only blow-drying
okay brothers blow-dry and she also cut
me eggs okay this is the hair look at
that look at that movement okay now
she's going to flatter in the hair and
the products that she gonna use is going
to use this one the race a chorus on
polish gloss she's going to mix this
with this one the rest sack for perfect
for pearls finishing cream together so
she could pass the Flatiron stay tuned
he's one way over there
moving our
okay okay people so this is the final
result
this happened 75 okay a mission which is
so bored sum it up by lines they can